feat: Release 1.17 (#166)
cdr/docs: admin/access-control/organizations.md

## Namespaces

> **Notice**: The `namespaceWhitelist` field has been deprecated in Coder version
1.17.

Coder's helm chart previously included a `namespaceWhitelist` field, which took

> a list of namespaces in your cluster and available to Coder. This field has been

Author: `a list of namespaces in your cluster and available to Coder.`

and made them available?

removed in version 1.17 to support [Workspace
Providers](../workspace-providers/index.md).

This field is no longer used in the Coder helm chart, and any changes you make

> will not be applied to Coder deployments running version 1.17+. Existing

Author: running version 1.17.0 or later.

environments can continue to function in the previously allowed namespaces, but

> you cannot create new environments in these namespaces.

Reviewer: Changes to this value are not permitted unless no envs are left in removed namespaces for deployments migrating from 1.16. If you remove namespaces from this value then envs in those namespace become inaccessible

> If you want to segregate Coder environments by namespaces in a Kubernetes

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to separate Coder environments by namespaces in a Kubernetes
```

## Namespaces

> **Notice**: The `namespaceWhitelist` field has been deprecated in Coder version
[1.17](../../changelog/1.17.0.md).

Coder's helm chart previously included a `namespaceWhitelist` field, which took
a list of namespaces in your cluster and made them available to Coder. This

> field has been removed in [version 1.17](../../changelog/1.17.0.md) to support [Workspace

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [Workspace Provider feature](../workspace-providers/index.md) supersedes this field in this release, and it is no longer read from the Helm chart.
```

Providers](../workspace-providers/index.md).

> This field is no longer used in the Coder helm chart, and you will not be able

Reviewer 2: This seems like a really long/complicated sentence to me?

> to make any changes *unless* there are no longer any environments in the
> namespaces you removed being used with Coder deployments v1.17.0 or later (if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to make any changes *unless* you are removing namespaces that no longer contain environments
with Coder deployments v1.17.0 or later (if
```

you remove namespaces from the `namespaceWhitelist` field, the environments in
the namespaces are no longer accessible). For older Coder deployments, you can
continue using existing environments in whitelisted namespaces, though you
cannot create new environments in those namespaces.

If you want to separate Coder environments by namespaces in a Kubernetes
cluster, you can do so by [deploying a new workspace
provider](../workspace-providers/deployment.md) to each
additional namespace in the cluster. The workspace provider provisions
environments to the namespace it has been deployed to, and you can control
access to each workspace provider via an organization allowlist to replace the

> previous organization namespace behaviors.

Author: We should link to the `1.17.0` changelog everywhere that `v1.17.0` is mentioned

Author: Done in https://github.com/cdr/docs/pull/166/commits/7a217295afe318c2e31d9a2ec62644fc4b0e5aec
